hello there ladies and gentlemen today
we're about to play an absurd game of
Planet zoo this is a video game where
the goal is to support wildlife
conservation and entertained guests by
hosting a glorious variety of endangered
species however after my one pool
challenge video a commenter asked if I
could survive 100 days in Planet zoo
using just one animal they said it would
be impossible normally I wouldn't bother
doing this challenge but I noticed that
they drink coffee now I need to prove
them wrong and show them that the divine
light of tea is the one true path for
gamers so the challenge is set one park
one species 100 days actually that seems
too easy after all I am the spiffing
Brit a master exploiter of video games
and the sexiest man in Britain no let's
go for 100 years but what is the one
species that will carry a zoo for 100
years is it rare and exotic no it's the
common Sussex chicken one of the
cheapest and statistically worse animals
in the entire game and I decided to use
them because it led me title this video
as the Planet zoo only
challenge I interrupt this wonderful
video with a word from our sponsor genin
impact they want me to tell you
wonderful sausages that genjin impact is
now available on Xbox from the 20th of
November and to celebrate a free wind
glider will be given when you log in on
Xbox oh and free Primo Jens shall be
given to Xbox game pass members on every
version update by linking your hooe
account with your Microsoft account you
can sync your progress across platforms
for a seamless multiplatform experience
but what is genjin impact jeez you must
have been living under a rock it's a
breathtaking open world RPG Adventure
that lets you wiggle around the magical
land of tavat in the upcoming Patch 5.2
you can unlock chasca and oron I
absolutely nailed that pronunciation
although let's be real you just want
chasa because she can fly around on a
gun now that's real magic when you are
of course floating around on a gun you
can visit this update's beautiful new
Landscapes like the quatang cliffs and
Tata Pano range or the dangerous and
corrupted o Canan okay I had no chance
of being able to pronounce those but I
gave it my best British try yes I'm a
fan of exploring and chilling inside of
cool gaming Landscapes and this one has
some of the best so what are you waiting
for go click the link in the description
and try out genjin impact on Xbox or a
platform of your choice today welcome
everyone it's is January of our first
year and we have this wonderful massive
Zoo ahead of us and we have just $10,000
to try and make a profitable theme park
else we will go bankrupt and our
challenge will be over now I have named
ouru but I'm not going to be saying it
alow for YouTube reasons I personally
believe that this particular branding
inspires excitement and potentially will
attract more guests into our park now
when it comes to actually constructing a
zoo in this game there's actually a lot
of things you have to balance you have
to worry about Animal Welfare you've got
to worry about your guest's actual
happiness and of course managing the
needs of your staff and considering we
really don't have much money to work
with that means we need to be very
frugal when it comes to actually
constructing our Zoo so to begin with
we're just going to build ourselves a
brand new enclosure like so it is a 40
MX 40 m glass box and now we must build
the perfect ideal habitat for chickens
this means they need access to water and
feeding platforms a few leaves to act as
bedding and then finally some enrichment
items and it's only cost us okay about
half of our entire supply of money right
so from here on out we go to actually
need to buy a few key things we need a
Trade Center which we can buy animals
from a keeper Hut so that we can
actually feed the animals and then
eventually we will probably want to get
ourselves a Veterinary surgery but it is
$4,000 and I do not have the money for
Animal Welfare at the moment so some of
our chickens may die but that is a
sacrifice that we are just going to have
to take we are going to want a couple of
extra bits of stuff so we'll need a
caretaker and a keeper the problem with
actually hiring these people is they are
going to cost a good amount of money
each year but still our park is now
ready or we need is some actual animals
and so for that we're going to buy some
chickens off the black market and there
we go now that they've arrived in our
zoo we can send them into their
enclosure and my goodness we are low on
cash ouch this is very bad but here is
our our first animal yes it's here we
bam it's Ted well we can actually rename
you can't we you shall be grogar the
destroyer and you're going to be our one
male chicken ah and now with the arrival
of these chickens we've started seeing
our first Park guests yes that's right
20 people have now arrived and paid
money to enter the park now when these
people are here they are going to be
entertained by looking at these chickens
and we can see that currently their
happiness is pretty high because well
they're looking at chickens it isn't
that exciting they like that the zoo is
clean and tidy they like that there's
not much vandalism they only had to pay
$3 each to look at a chicken behind a
glass wall but that's good value however
we're not making money off of these
people once they've spent their $ free
dollars to arrive after that point we
are just losing money having 65 people
in a park to look at just chickens is
impressive but I don't necessarily know
if we're going to be able to increase
that number very easily so I think it
probably makes more sense for us to
actually find ways to monetize our
limited supply of guests better of
course we don't actually have anything
for them to spend money on however we
can buy ourselves donation boxes this is
a little item that we can put down that
if guests are having a nice time looking
at the animals they can make a donation
and there we go someone has just donated
$20 to the donation box because they've
really enjoyed looking at ah guests
they have many different needs that are
tracked and measured to provide an
overall score of their experience if
guest have a good time in the zoo then
they'll donate and the park rating goes
up meaning more guests are likely to
visit they are slightly weird though as
they tick off animals after seeing them
once this means that in a huge zoo with
maybe two awesome elephant enclosures
guests will only care about the first
one and will never go near the second so
this limits us to just one chicken
enclosure of course this has an
unintended side effect because we have
just one thing to visit guests can
complete the entire Zoo experience
rather quickly you arrive see chicken
feel happy donate and then leave before
you have time to get hungry thirsty or
start questioning the suspicious Animal
Welfare
practices now one thing that people are
complaining about is they're struggling
to get a view of the animals and that's
partly because we only have three
animals but that's about to change
because our incredible cck grogar the
Destroyer has decided to get it on with
Nicola well that's going to hopefully
increase the amount of chickens that we
get into this enclosure and this is
something that we're able to hopefully
improve Once More by buying some more
chickens off of the market we can buy
Janet the Sussex chicken and Linda the
Sussex chicken and now we can add these
two lucky ladies into our exhibit and of
course due to the way the chickens
operate they generally produce quite
quickly meaning Nicola by the end of
this month is going to have already
produced our first
Offspring okay so earlier I said that
chickens are one of the worst animals to
choose for this challenge but I didn't
explain why so let's explain the
problems with C the guests think that
these are common creatures and so
they're only willing to donate a maximum
of $20 each they also get sick easily
and due to their High rate of breeding
just like European royal families incest
is inevitable the long-term results are
a rather pathetic exhibit that must be
designed in a specific way to maximize
the profit margins from guests whilst
lowering cost for maintenance however I
must experiment before we reach our
perfect profitable zoo that can stand
the test of time one thing I've noticed
is the guests can be educated and the
more educated guests are the more cash
they are willing to spend now our
donations are looking pretty good we've
received 5,000 donations so far for
people to look at just five chickens in
a glass box but realistically we need to
improve this so in order to improve the
educational level we're going to add
some educational speakers next to this
exhibit that is going to educate people
on the Sussex chicken this habitat
educational board will now advertise
that we have chickens inside of it and
then all of these little boards will
talk about some kind of cont
conservation crisis that's going on like
bee populations declining or
deforestation and overexploitation gez I
would never but yes all of these little
educational boards help teach people
about the importance of animals and
animal welfare and that then means that
when they come up to this little
donation bucket they're more likely to
donate and they're more likely to donate
a larger amount of money and oh would
you look at that we've got some baby
chickens oh it's Warren the juvenile
chicken wow look at the appeal on that
car
now here's the thing these chickens are
brand new they have just spawned in but
we can sell them right away for
$127 you're worth $79 Edith you're not
that valuable we'll keep you how about
you you're worth $135 yeah we'll get you
sold this is good money ladies and
gentlemen we can have these chickens
spawn in and then we get to sell them
now of course we don't have that many
chickens but if we were to have even
more chickens or maybe a way to produce
even more chickens well then this entire
process would speed up a bit so I think
we're going to need to actually
introduce some additional male chickens
we're going to grab Addison we're going
to grab stanislav and you know what
we'll even grab Frederick the chicken
and Lindsay and now some of our baby
chickens are actually starting to mature
they're now actually able to produce
baby chicks of their own now of course a
chicken maturing is pretty good but they
also lose their value when they mature
however I still think it is a good idea
because the more chickens we have the
better in total we have 21 animal animal
which is pretty good indeed and most of
our animals have now come from our Zoo
oh and Robin the Sussex chicken is about
to inbreed Robin no I mean we can let it
happen or we can apply
contraceptives oh Robin is now expecting
Offspring okay Robin is about to have a
large quantity of incest babies but
that's fine you know I play a lot of
Crusader Kings I know how to handle this
situation it'll all be okay can actually
check on my favorite chickens where's
grogar the Destroyer here he is he's 5
years old he's great let's take a look
at his genealogy he has had 20 Offspring
grogar you absolute dog wow now one
thing that is quite important oh dear
hang on a second Lindsay the chicken
here is incubating a disease oh dear I
think okay I think we have $113,000 in
the bank I think now is the time where
we treat ourselves to actually having a
vet so we're B $4,000 on that
unfortunately vets are incredibly
expensive so we have just massively
increase the cost of our staff wages
we're at about three times what we
originally were but I get the feeling
that actually having vs will increase
the amount of chickens we can have spawn
in and then that in turn will increase
our chicken
profitability oh no ladies and gentlemen
I've actually discovered a problem poor
Lewis the Sussex chicken here is
unfortunately an outsider yes you see we
have too many male chickens as it means
that poor Lewis here has been ostracized
from his local society and he is unable
to breathe or interact wow he's just
like you watching at home go but anyway
because we have the gender imbalance we
kind of need to fix it and so that means
we need to view all of our species and
find you know quite a few adult males so
we're going to grab Addison Terry Nigel
Michael Warren it high and what we are
going to do is give them a new lease on
life and that new lease on life is a
truck towards the abattoir so we're able
to get rid of quite a few chickens and
that is going to make us $400
there we go fantastic jeez why am I
losing so much money these staff wages
are so high we're actually making
negative now yeah I think we're going to
have to let some of our staff go I'm
going to get rid of our vet we just
can't afford Animal Welfare at the
moment maybe when we have a little bit
more money we can have Animal Welfare
again and oh nature is healing as you
can see a tie here is now able to
integrate in with the other adults
because we've rebalanced the gender
ratio you also might notice that there
are a lot of people walking around in
the exhibit that is because we've
decided to add an actual walkthrough
Zone which is great because they get
really excited about seeing the chickens
and hopefully that means they can donate
more money no grogar the Destroyer is
about to die of old age grogar you were
the premium chicken the single greatest
chicken we've ever experienced oh we
have to be there you are simply one of
the greatest creatures the world has
ever seen but unfortunately you have
died of old age you are still moving you
okay you're dead you are you're
definitely definitely dead it does say
you are dead grogar is this chicken an
aort oh no there we Go's he's decided to
die now and the chicken is just replaced
in stanislav just eating his body
there's a child walking on over here
right well we need to celebrate grogar's
death we've decided to create the grogar
memorial Tree in order to remember him
with this lovely message dedicated in
loving memory of our King grogar The
Destroyer he was a fine species and
cause of death honestly I'm not even
convinced he's
died so zoos are expensive and I have
basically no money how do we make more
well we already charge guests a few
dollars for visiting but as we only have
one animal we can't exactly raise the
prices guests just simply won't turn up
another way we could make a profit is to
sell food and drinks to the guests but
as they only spend a very short period
in our park they always leave before
they get hungry or thirsty this leaves
us with two final ways we can make money
donations and selling animals God why
did I do this to myself it's horrible am
I really going to spend a 100 years mid
maxing profits out of chickens just to
prove one coffee drinker wrong yes yes I
am well we are now up to
$116,000 in the bank which is very good
and something you might notice is that
there's a lot more chickens now yet it
turns out chickens spawn quite quickly
we now have a total of 148 wow that's a
lot of yeah it's an incredibly
large quantity of chickens and most of
the time they just SP and it standing
around slowly starving to death because
yes that is kind of a problem we have
and it is currently costing us
$1,400 per time that we feed them so
yeah that's kind of an issue now there
are a few ways we can deal with this
however I think it's actually just a lot
easier if instead we cull our chicken
population in order to save on food
costs so what I'm going to do is Select
every single chicken we have and quick
trade them this will make $4,000 of
course this will deselect all of the
children chickens however there's enough
male and female young chickens that we
don't have to worry about this so we're
just going to sell $2 chickens for
$4,000 wo bam there they go we get a
bunch of cash and the cycle can now
continue brand new chickens can now
reintegrate with our society and grow up
and have baby chickens of their own it's
a perfectly balanced cyclical ecosystem
and most importantly if I now Check Yes
it only costs us $240 to feed them
that's more like it but yes we've made
it to year 11 which is very good part of
me wonders if I'm able to maintain this
entire park for 100 years I mean we're
kind of balancing on a knives Edge I
feel like we're one negative instant
away from just running out of money
because $20,000 in this game is nothing
so yeah we're not exactly in a
comfortable spot that's still not going
to stop me from doing my best to try and
make a quick Buck off of
chickens you rejoined me at year 15 I
kind of left my PC for a bit and made
myself a cup of tea and then I came back
and unfortunately 66 of our chickens are
dying of the plague which is quite the
problem indeed I'm just going to delete
all the notifications and there we go
that feels a lot better we do have one
vet that is systematically going through
and treating as many of these chickens
as possible but even then it's going to
take a lot some of it is
life-threatening let's find any of these
dangerous diseased chickens and just
send them to the Trade Center there we
go you know maybe actually seeing a
bunch of diseased and dying chickens
will help people donate more money to
the park that's potentially thing gosh
this is actually insane it's basically
every single chicken here is diseased
box all animals there we go right we're
just sending every animal to the Trade
Center and then we're going to buy some
fresh animals there we go we'll just
find some nice happy healthy animals and
we'll put them in and it's almost like
these ones were never ill Fantastic look
people are still happy right they still
get to see the chickens yeah there's
only like two of them alert what's the
alert How can there be an alert one of
them is diseased you're not healthy back
in the
Box you will notice that the chicken
population of this exhibit is down and
that is actually how I like it I noticed
that the more chickens we had the more
we were spending on feeding them and our
donations weren't actually going up at
the same time I've noticed that our
donations were actually going down
because most of our guests were having
too much fun walking through the exhibit
and not enough time standing outside of
the exhibit throwing money into the
donation bucket so yes I've been tidying
all of that up so that we have an actual
efficient money-making system and now
without any of those pesky veterinarians
telling me that the 78 chickens I have
stash in the box is inhumane
everything's working fine we have over a
100 chickens currently sat in a box over
here in a trade center I don't know how
they all fit inside of this tiny
building but they're in there and from a
legal perspective they're apparently
alive and whilst they're held in that
temporary stasis of suffering they can't
die of the diseases they carry and
that's basically humanitarian what if we
actually tried to run a minimalist
version of our Zoo after all we have 250
people here to see a bunch of chickens
but the more chickens we have the more
expensive they are so logically if we
just took all of the animals in the zoo
and just say sent them to the Trade
Center so that there was only one
chicken remaining yep all we need is a
single chicken called Richard and I
don't think that should affect our guest
opinion at all if Richard gets ill well
we just send him off to Fantasy Land and
replace him with a different chicken
meanwhile he gets to enjoy absolute po
luxury in this massive exhibit where he
will be cripplingly lonely but it
doesn't matter because he has a lot of
space and it's a very chill Vibe Richard
is the ultimate Bachelor and the amount
of guests in our park has maintained the
same ladies and gentlemen I think this
is one of the most efficient zoos the
world has ever seen so let's check back
in on Richard in a few years
time oh no on the 6th of August on our
38th year Richard the chicken who we've
all known and loved has died this is the
first event in our park in basically 13
years which is a real shame because he
was indeed a great chicken however
people are still paying money they don't
actually seem to mind that we have you
know no chickens left oh no it's dead
the sus chicken is dead okay right they
have noticed they should get another
Sussex chicken so that one has company
what that one that one is a corpse well
it seems that people have largely
stopped donating they're still willing
to pay ticket prices to get in but they
won't bother donating unless they see
the but what if I just eliminated
staff wages if we fired all of the staff
we would still be able to make money
there is no longer any staff left in the
zoo let's see if we can make money with
a zoo that just features an empty
enclosure and nothing else there isn't
anyone working here anymore it's just
[Music]
me right it's year 75 and our zoo is
still doing really good as you can see
we have 350 guests in our Park yes they
no longer donate money our only source
of Revenue is ticket sales but that's
okay we don't have any running costs our
guests have a five-star happiness rating
at the same time our park is probably
good value no one is upset and we
haven't lost any sales in total we're
about to cross the
51,000 total visitors Mark that's right
51,000 people have visited this Zoo to
look at chickens and now they can visit
the zoo to look at a billboard of a
chicken which is almost as good it is
almost as good yeah I don't know what is
going on with this game I fought a one
animal zoo was viable it turns out no
animals also completely viable yes I
guess we're just going to continue this
until we get to year 100 because why not
nothing's stopping me this game isn't
stopping me why isn't it stopping
me well we've done it ladies and
gentlemen it is the 3rd of January of
our 101st year year we've completed 100
total years and in that time we have had
many many guests in fact we can even
check our little entrance gate we've had
an incredible 70,000 visitors into our
wonderful Glory Zoo known as Monster
Coxs of course now we do have really
high average animal welfare and that's
because we have 78 animals kept in a
permanent state of suffering inside of a
cardboard box but I think to end our
actual experience today I think it makes
sense to actually get some start back
yes I'm going to grab a few Keepers and
you know what I'm actually going to add
some chickens back in and we can select
every animal in our storage well here we
go let's unleash the CO as I say so God
and as you can see look they're all
happy they're incredible yes apparently
some of them are diseased I don't care
it doesn't matter the chickens are back
everyone's happy it's the best park
you've ever seen guys it's full of
chickens look at them go as they conquer
line their way around oh it's so happy
it's so wonderful and yes of course it
will bankrupt us when we try and feed
them but it doesn't matter because I am
now ready to retire I've been custodian
of the zoo for many hours of my finite
human existence and what do I have to
show for it one of the worst Planet zoos
ever featured and documented in YouTube
history yes yes I do that's exactly what
I have of course if you did enjoy
looking at all of these chickens today
then make sure to give this video a like
and why not consider subscribing if you
don't you'll end up like this chicken
here got unboxed into the p and died
immediately I love this game anyway
right thanks for watching guys thank you
very much to all of our lovely channel
members and patrons for funding this
video you're all absolutely fantastic I
hope you have a wonderful day and
goodbye for now